<h1>About</h1>For a long time, companies have been operating within a top down hierarchical model which gets less and less effective nowadays - in times of constant transitions, disruptions and change. A desperate need for a new model is becoming more and more apparent.Multiple attempts to tweak the existing model by introducing "flat" organizations(minimizing or even removing a hierarchical structure) or separating management from technical/expert leadership. None of them turned out to work outside of individual relatively small organizations or companies over an extended period of time.We see people getting demotivated and disengaged within conventional organizations which continuously become more dysfunctional.The main reason to that is a human factor - we deal with people and their natural qualities and needs that are not accounted for by the conventional approach: smart and not so smart, strong and weak, ambitious and not so much, innovative and conservative are all being brushed with the same brush and made to fight individually for survival.Strong and ambitious make it to the top, but are they the smart, empathetic and innovative ones? Not always or even not really...In the end, real success comes only with the right leadership, expertise, connection and spirit within individual teams and companies overall. That's what brings resilience to efforts that people pursue and accomplish. So what are the real factors of success that some of the leaders and companies possess?The answer is simple - success comes from operating in two dimensions.1. Expertise organized in a reasonable hierarchical manner - somebody still needs to make decisions and keep order to avoid anarchy and loss of focus.2. A social bottom up aspect - making every member of a team/organization feel like members of one family and not just small cogwheels in a big machine.By having this social aspect in place, those few who figured it out managed to make average people find their right place and excel in what they were previously not capable of.Today, we call this aspect "Corporate Culture" - such a cold and soulless description for something so warm and secure.The goal of this project, is to define in a non-HR language for what "culture" really means and build a methodology of real practical steps for those who want to shape, maintain and scale resilient "culture" across various size companies.As I don't have all the answers, I will start with what I know from my professional experience and being a member of Development Engagement and Culture team at one of the biggest tech companies in the world. If you are a culture professional, an expert or a leader who sees a value in the core approach - let's work together on building a practical side - steps that individuals, teams and companies can take in order to implement the approach in other organizations.Together we will learn faster and hopefully, make the world a better place for many of us.