#1. In Transition: New Factors of SuccessMany companies used to operate according to the old definition of success: an organization is successful when it sells more by any means possible. The approach worked for quite some time, but times has changed - in a competitve market, consumers expect companies to go beyond blindly selling individual disonnected products.A need for a new qualitative level of experience emerged and keeps developing over the last few years. 
In addition to highly functional and usable products, consumers expect a new level of service that comes with it: uttention to rapidly changing needs, a good level of connectivity between the service provider of choice and other service providers, and probably one of the most important things - trust in the service provider to provide the best service going forward.People and companies who grasped the trend like Tesla or Bose, manage to come up with next steps - innovations taking them one step further. But in order to fully embrace new approach and make it sustainable over a long period of time, changes need to happen from within organizations. Organizaitons need to go through a transition to a new mindset where happiness and success of a producer is tightly connected to the happiness and success of a consumer and in the end, mutual enjoyment of the results of the work.Economy should be measured not by how much I sell, but how much I connect with someone and he will connect with me. Instead of looking after company's own pocket, a company needs to look after the best interests of the consumer, innovate and create in accordance with that. Then the pocket will get its share of income as well.
But the transition doesn't start with simply improving customer connections. In order to reach the new state, a company needs to look inwardly and build this attitude from within(this is where the role of "culture" agents/facilitators comes in place). As soon as this attitude gets integrated within the mindset of the organization, it will expand outwardly to customers as well.Just like between people, a solid, happy and caring person radiates happiness and compassion which attract others. Fake people always wearing a smile on their faces will eventually reveal their true nature and repel their "friends" which are scares in the new market. A damage to the reputation could turn irreparable.Here comes the main challenge: the change will come only when each employee is onboard with the new mindset, but at the same time, we see managers struggle with employees lacking motivation making it hard to find strength to do their daily jobs.We see big gaps inside of organizations - gaps between companies' goals and people's individual goals. Both of them want to grow and thrive but individually, for themselves, and tend to blame each other in failures. Companies have connection problems not only between departments or locations, but even within local teams as relationships between employees are formal and they almost don't talk to each other.
How companies can make a leap to a new mindset?Companies don't have to invest into big expensive changes( programs, processes, structures and etc. ), but rather into a relatively small change of changing relationships between employees in the organization. This is the only thing that needs to be improved and everything else will come along: motivation, engagement, efficiency, innovation and success.
This is a gradual process that doesn't happen instantly, but employees need to see and feel how well things can operate in unity, harmony and connection,  and eventually think this way as well.
To the extent people will be able to change, they will see improvements spreading across the company, but the fist thing first - the change needs to start with executive leaders... 
Interesting articles to read:
http://firstround.com/article/how-medium-is-building-a-new-kind-of-company-with-no-managers
http://firstround.com/article/Responsiveness-New-Efficiency