#Circles WorkshopThe goal of round table workshops is to develop a new environment/dynamics within a team. Individualistic thinking no longer provides adequate solutions to complex interconnected problems having numerous factors. Instead of raising individual disconnected discussion points during regular workshops and meetings, we use circles workshops to build a non-competitive environment of trust, respect, empathy, open dialog, active listening, mutual inclusion(feeling discussion points coming from of others as important as our own) as well as building on top of ideas of each other.The approach builds a collective mind within teams(don't mix with crowdsourcing), makes them more productive and creative, helps find new ideas as well as resolve conflicts. It helps team members rise above their individual opinions and see that there could truly be a different perspective.We start with building new formats of relating to people. Guided by facilitators through various phases of a workshop, playing games and going through exercises, team members learn more about their individualistic nature and ways not to be glued to immediate feelings. We learn how to look at ourselves from aside and make unbiased decisions.When mastered, the approach can become a tool integrated into daily team activities.Benefits for individual team members:People feel heaviness and seriousness of life. Constant pressures and stress cost them their health; suck motivation and love of life out them. They feel stuck in their own prison. The approach will bring livelihood and love of life back into their lives. They will get freedom from themselves as well as adopt the approach in other aspects of their lives(with families, partners, or friends).Rules of a workshop: