#Workshop Dynamics

The main purpose of a roundtable workshop is to overcome negativity and separation within a team and reach a state of mutual inclusion(warm attitude, trust and respect). Only after such a state is reached, the team can move on into solving problems.
In order to do that, a workshop needs to follow certain dynamics/pattern:

**Step 1: Warm-up and release stress**

Relax the group, move their focus away from day-to-day problems and feelings with an icebreaker game or an activity or a story or a joke.
Inside of each of us there is a child(creative, learning and etc.) and we need to awaken this child.
Let each person be in the group be free, not obligated, not stressed, as well as remove status standing between people.

Example:
"Tell us what games did you like to play when you were five?"

Games are an important part of the methodology. They help with shifting perspectives as well as playing new roles and new states. In the beginning, people don't like games as it seems childish and doesn't make sense. It is important to quickly explain the reason for having games and the fact that even though it feels unpleasant in the beginning - we do need to do it even though it is silly and this negative attitude toward games will soon go away.

**Step 2: Accept a new equal round integrated form where everyone participant is equal and valuable. **

Each person needs to raise everyone else in his or her eyes and minimize personal individual importance and value in order to be able to "hear"/accept opinions/thoughts of others. Could be done through games, questions or activities.

Example:
Game - imagine that you don't know each other, just met, no hard or any kind of feelings. nothing is sressing you, you are completely relaxed, no loger dependent on each other/ stopped working together a long time ago and now we meet again and play chess. each tells the other person a compliment with a facial expression that you really mean it.

Desired result:
A person wants to be influenced by other people in the group and integrated together with them because they are great.

**Step 3: Reflection** 
Discuss what happened between us during the excersise. Could be implicit/silent question for people to think about, but only for the groups who are used to working with the method. 
What kind of connection - warmth, help, understanding, closeness, and etc.
What kind of participation - to what extent that we feel connected together, to what extent we feel a sense of concern for everyone. 
Desired result:
Participants feel warmth of being connected and glad to be and stay in this state. They need to understand that the new state that they've attained is a result of their mutual efforts and they are concerned about keeping it this way. 

**Step 4: Workshop topic discussions**
Questions and discussions based on a topic of a workshop. It is better to have the last question on practical steps the group needs to take.

**Step 5: Summary**
Close the workshop with a quick summary of what has has been accomplished together with a few statements about a group's common goal.